ban me
No one promises you now
You can't kill me!
If I die
Don't believe how many
What do you mean?
I think
This WeChat signal is not bad
As long as I die
Oh my god I
The master standing in Anhui
Never believed
You have grandchildren
know to be afraid
If you are afraid that you will kneel down and admit your mistake alone
So-called I am Emgrand
Can let you go
You bastard
Dare to kill me, what is a customer?
It seems that you still don't understand the current situation.
That being the case
Just ask me
Please go out
Come on, you can't leave me, let me go
Our railway will ring like a distance
You can give me that money. I have a lot of money
said
When you put this dirty hand
You are dead
Now.